Thank you, everyone. Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you.
Now, again, we're going to engage into the teaching of the Buddha.
The entire teaching of the Buddha is teaching on the low-incomeness, completion,
and the doom in appreciation, exploring our beautiful nature,
and helping also to explore their beautiful nature according to their readiness and capability.
That is the teaching of the Buddha in time. From the day one he is teaching,
until he enters Mahabharata in the run, he teaches.
Among those teachings, our Buddha is categorized as you all know,
and many different levels of categories. Today, we are dealing
with the highest teaching of the Buddha Shatamuna.
Why is the highest? Because it's the teachings of the Buddha.
The wisdom, the primordial wisdom is not based on the conceptual levels.
It's not based on the conception to dispel the conceptions.
This is not the conception teaching. This is the teaching of beyond the conception teaching.
We are directly communicating, connecting to our old and natural beyond the conception.
That teaching says so many times. I said also repeatedly follow the teaching,
said so many times. The great master, Kinti, Parthachara, Rumbuji,
and other great masters always say that. Think of that.
This is not conception teaching. This is the teaching of the original primordial
wisdom teaching which is inherited to all of us.
It's exploring that beauty, that nature, that goodness.
This, there's nothing higher teaching and deeper teaching, more profound and
more direct teaching than this. This teaching, and therefore, again,
what we need to do, we should understand our joy and appreciation.
Joy and appreciation, how blessed we are, how beautiful and lucky we are,
that we really can connect to this such beautiful nature.
Very simple, very ordinary, very basic. We don't have to make big loads,
speech, and this and that, but something they discover from the inner beauty,
the shine, let that shine to the out, and that is the marvelous.
That is awesome. Is there something big deal, maybe big sins?
This is what it is. This is what the great master is always,
joy and appreciation. That is the very big best of this nature,
and that is our practice. With this, and then recreating the bodhic jhaka,
loving kind is compatible to all living beings without any exceptions,
without any discrimination, vastness, motivation of the bodhic jhaka,
increasing that, and together bring that, the purity,
understanding, entire this universe as pure states,
in the three kaya states, dharma kaya, sambho kaya,
and then narmaka kaya state practice, this is what it is, reality now.
And so bring up those all, realization, and with that realization,
we go through these teachings. These teachings are no other than
teachings on the joy and appreciation, bodhic jhaka,
purity, and how to be in that nature still.
That is the teaching itself that we went through and you see this.
So now,